# Customize output options

## Use the `OUTPUT_OPTIONS` parameter to customize generated images.

You may need to customize more than just the size of the images generated by this extension (for example, changing the image quality). That is why you can specify the output options parameter.

The `OUTPUT_OPTIONS` parameter allows you to customize the output options separately for each image format you wish to use. For example, if you want to reduce the quality of the png images uploaded to your bucket, you can enter an options map like this:

```json
{ "png": { "quality": 50 } }
```

> The `quality` option accepts a number 0-100 and defaults to 80. See a full list of [png image output options](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-output#png).

## The `OUTPUT_OPTIONS` parameter

The output options parameter must be a valid JSON object that maps the preferred image formats to their option objects. For example:

```json
{
  "jpeg": { "quality": 5, "chromaSubsampling": "4:4:4" },
  "png": { "pallete": true }
}
```

> The extension will use `JSON.parse()` method to parse the output options object.

Image formats and Format options not included in the above object will fall back to the default.

## Output options API

The extension uses the [Sharp](https://github.com/lovell/sharp) open-source library to process images uploaded to your bucket. See the official Sharp documentation for a [complete list of options for each image format](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/api-output#jpeg). The list also includes the default value for each output option.
