Use this mod to create resized versions of an image uploaded to a Cloud Storage bucket.

Whenever an image file is uploaded to your specified Cloud Storage bucket, this mod creates a resized image with your specified dimensions. Both the original uploaded image and the resized image are saved in the same Storage bucket. The resized image file uses the same name as the original uploaded image, but  but is suffxed with `_${param:IMG_MAX_WIDTH}x${param:IMG_MAX_HEIGHT}` in the filename. Note that you might need to refresh the dashboard to see the new file for the resized image.

You can upload images to a Cloud Storage bucket directly in the Firebase console's Storage dashboard. Alternatively, you can upload images using the [Cloud Storage for Firebase SDK](https://firebase.google.com/docs/storage/) for your platform (iOS, Android, or Web).

This mod also optionally creates then writes [signed URLs](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/access-control/signed-urls) to your specified Firebase Realtime Database path - both for the original image and the resized image. Signed URLs are a mechanism for query string authentication for buckets and objects by providing a way to give time-limited read or write access to anyone in possession of the URL, regardless of whether they have a Google account. How to use the signed URLs is up to you. One example use case could be for a webpage that displays all members of a club. You could attach a listener to the database path so that when the mod creates a new resized image, both the original and the resized image are fetched immediately and displayed on the webpage.
